fix: source bridges missing after restore the backup files (#12826)
emqx/emqx: changes/ce/fix-12826.en.md

> Cannot import sources actions and retained messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue that prevented importing source data integrations and retained messages.
```

Before the fix:

> - source actions are ignored from the backup file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- source data integrations are ignored from the backup file
```
